    # README.md\n\n## Szybkie wprowadzenie\n\nWelcome to **FootStats**, a comprehensive tool for football (soccer) analysis and prediction. With this tool, you can analyze teams, match predictions, create a weekly forecast, and more.\n\n## Features\n\n- **Team Analysis**: \n  - Historical performance.\n  - Head-to-head statistics.\n  - Comparative analysis with other teams.\n\n- **Match Prediction**: \n  - Predict the outcome of a match based on historical data and various factors.\n  - Real-time updates and adjustments based on new data.\n\n- **Weekly Forecast**: \n  - Generate a forecast for the upcoming week based on historical data, current performance, and trends.\n\n- **Analysis of Home/Away Performance**:\n  - Compare a team's performance at home versus away matches.\n\n- **User-friendly Interface**: \n  - Intuitive navigation and data presentation.\n\n- **Customization**: \n  - Ability to add new teams, modify existing data, and adjust settings.\n\n## Requirements\n\nBefore running FootStats, make sure you have the following dependencies installed:\n\n- Python 3.8 or higher\n- pandas\n- numpy\n- matplotlib\n- requests\n- openpyxl\n\nYou can install these dependencies using pip:\n\n```bash\npip install pandas numpy matplotlib requests openpyxl\n```\n\n## Installation\n\n1. **Clone the repository**:\n   ```bash\ngit clone https://github.com/yourusername/FootStats.git\ncd FootStats\n```\n\n2. **Install required packages**:\n   ```bash\npip install -r requirements.txt\n```\n\n## Configuration\n\n1. **Create a `.env` file**:\n   - Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`.\n   - Add your API keys for Bzzoiro and API-Football.\n\n   ```plaintext\nBZZOIRO_KEY=your_bzzoiro_key\nAPISPORTS_KEY=your_apisports_key\n```\n\n## Running the Tool\n\nTo start using FootStats, simply run the following command:\n\n```bash\npython main.py\n```\n\n## Usage\n\n### Team Analysis\n\n1. Select a team from the list.\n2. Choose an option for analysis (e.g., historical performance, head-to-head statistics, etc.).\n3. The tool will display the relevant data and charts.\n\n### Match Prediction\n\n1. Select two teams to predict the outcome of a match.\n2. The tool will display the predicted outcome based on historical data and various factors.\n\n### Weekly Forecast\n\n1. The tool will generate a forecast for the upcoming week based on historical data, current performance, and trends.\n\n### Analysis of Home/Away Performance\n\n1. Select a team to analyze.\n2. The tool will display the team's performance at home versus away matches.\n\n## Contributing\n\nContributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.\n\n## Acknowledgments\n\n- Special thanks to the open-source community for their contributions to this project."
